README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio)

# Disciple Tools - Name

Description Description Description Description Description Description Description
Description Description Description Description Description Description Description

## Purpose

Purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose
Purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose

Purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose
Purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose purpose

## Usage

#### Will Do

- Item
- Item
- Item

#### Will Not Do

- Item
- Item

## Requirements

- Disciple Tools Theme installed on a Wordpress Server

## Installing

- Install as a standard Disciple.Tools/Wordpress plugin in the system Admin/Plugins area.
- Requires the user role of Administrator.

## Contribution

Contributions welcome. You can report issues and bugs in the
[Issues](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/issues) section of the repo. You can present ideas
in the [Discussions](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/discussions) section of the repo. And
code contributions are welcome using the [Pull Request](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/pulls)
system for git. For a more details on contribution see the
[contribution guidelines](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


## Screenshots

![screenshot](documentation/community/starter-banners/banner-blue-green.png)

Commit message:

Pre-testing twilio plugin shape

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio)

# Disciple Tools - Channels - Twilio

Disciple Tools - Channels - Twilio plugin; captures settings enabling communication with target Twilio platform.

## Usage

#### Will Do

- Enable/Disable plugin execution.
- Specify target Twilio SID and Access Tokens.
- Switch between SMS and WhatsApp services.
- Select pre-configured Twilio Messaging Services.
- Select D.T. contacts field to source recipient phone numbers.

#### Will Not Do

- Your weekly shopping...! ;)

## Requirements

- Disciple Tools Theme installed on a Wordpress Server

## Installing

- Install as a standard Disciple.Tools/Wordpress plugin in the system Admin/Plugins area.
- Requires the user role of Administrator.

## Contribution

Contributions welcome. You can report issues and bugs in the
[Issues](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/issues) section of the repo. You can present
ideas in the [Discussions](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/discussions) section of the
repo. And code contributions are welcome using
the [Pull Request](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/pulls)
system for git. For a more details on contribution see the
[contribution guidelines](https://github.com/DiscipleTools/disciple-tools-channels-twilio/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
